Dear Venugopal, 

Here is the draft list as discussed yesterday

List of short videos

1.       Signup TRACe PA

2.       Login

3.       Audit in TRACe PA

4.       Creating Clients

5.       Add team members

6.       Audit Checklists in TRACe PA

7.       Planning an Audit

8.       Letter of Engagement

9.       Create Client Users to share the documents

10.   Audit Schedule

11.   Audit Scope, Headings and Checkpoints for an Audit

12.   Communication with Client

13.   Communication at the Beginning of the Audit

14.   Communication – During the Audit

15.   Communication – At or near End of the Audit

16.   Document Request List

17.   Inquiry report templates

18.   Conduct Audit

19.   Workpaper Creation

20.   Audit Procedures

21.   Critical Audit Matters (CAM)

22.   Audit Progress summary

23.   Management Representation Letters

24.   Audit Completion Checklist

25.   Independent Auditor’s report

26.   Audit Completion Report

27.   Archive an Audit

28.   Excel Upload

29.   Information about the Auditee

30.   Attach Documents

31.   Template Preview

32.   Report Download

33.   Client Portal Login

34.   View Documents in Client Portal

35.   Attach Documents in Client Portal

36.    

 

Short Description for the List of short videos

1.       Signup TRACe PA

Configure/Setup Audit Firm details by giving the basic details which creates login credentials using the Email Id and creates a Database and shares the link to your email.

2.       Login

Login to TRACe PA using the link shared to explore our Audit tool using the database with basic details created for your Audit firm.

 

3.       Audit in TRACe PA

TRACe PA helps an Auditor to conduct Audit using a systematic examination and evaluation of records, processes, or systems to ensure accuracy, compliance, and efficiency. This is achieved by verifying the operations, financial statements, or procedures and check whether they are correct and meet the required standards or regulations using the various modules and operations within TRACe PA.

TRACe PA Audit Workflow starting from Audit Planning, Engagement creation, Scheduling, Scope definition and Team allocation. Process planning and sharing the formats to receive the details from the Client at the beginning of the Audit.

Workpaper creation and checking the processes using the Checklists and identifying the deviations and observations.

Audit Report generation from all these workflow steps.

 

4.       Creating Clients

Client definition before starting the Audit

 

5.       Add team members

Audit team members at Roles – Partners, Reviewers and Audit Assistants are added to TRACe PA that helps while Scheduling an Audit.

 

6.       Audit Checklists in TRACe PA

Audit Checklist for Schedule III to the Companies Act, 2013 and CARO Checklist for Statutory

Audit has been provided.

 

7.       Planning an Audit

Starts with Agreeing the Terms of Audit Engagements deals with the auditor’s

responsibilities in agreeing to the terms of the audit engagement with management and, where appropriate, those charges with governance. Draft Engagement Letter format is prepared and shared with the Client for approval.

 

8.       Letter of Engagement

TRACe PA provides Engagement Letter format for Auditor to edit wherever needed and check the preview before sharing it with the Client. On getting the consent or approval LOE is approved.

 

9.       Client Portal

 

10.   Client Portal Login

 

11.   Create Client Users to share the documents

 

 

12.   Audit Schedule

Define the Scope of the Audit Engagement, Audit Timeline, Audit team, Key Focus areas are defined.

 

13.   Audit Scope, Headings and Checkpoints for an Audit

Depending on the Scope of the Audit Key Focus Areas, their Headings and applicable Checkpoints are selected for the Audit.

 

14.   Communication with Client

Lot of Communication happens between Auditor and Client during the Audit. It is important to convey to client, what information is required to conduct the audit seamlessly. This happens before starting the Audit, During the Audit and Near completion or End of the Audit.

TRACe PA has provided templates for some of these requests and some Document Request lists. The list does not represent an exhaustive list and additional information may be requested during the course of audit.

 

15.   Communication at the Beginning of the Audit

16.   Communication – During the Audit

17.   Communication – At or near End of the Audit

18.   Document Request List

19.   Inquiry report templates

 

20.   Conduct Audit

21.   Workpaper Creation

22.   Audit Procedures

23.   Critical Audit Matters (CAM)

24.   Audit Progress summary

25.   Management Representation Letters

26.   Audit Completion Checklist

27.   Independent Auditor’s report

28.   Audit Completion Report

29.   Archive an Audit

30.   Excel Upload

31.   Information about the Auditee

32.   Attach Documents

33.   Template Preview

34.   Report Download

35.   View Documents in Client Portal

36.   Attach Documents in Client Portal

37.    

 